**Immediate Value** - A constant value that is specified by the programmer as part of the instruction.
## MOV
The MOV instruction in ARM's AArch64 (64-bit architecture) is used to move data between registers or from an immediate value to a register.  
* It operates entirely within the CPU's registers and does not access memory.  
* Size of immediate can be maximum 16 bit in AArch64 for mov instructions.

MOVZ - loads an immediate value into a register, clearing the remaining bits of the register (it "moves with zero").
MOVK - moves an immediate value into a specific part of the register, **k**eeping the rest of the register intact.
## LDR
### For immediate values
LDR R1, =immediate - This is a pseudo-instruction in ARM that loads a 32-bit or 64-bit immediate value into a register.
* Can use this for addresses, or immediate values (but for these you should use mov).
To load the value from a variable into a register, just do LDR Rn, \<label>
### MOV vs. LDR
MOV only moves data between registers or from an immediate value to a register, without touching memory.
LDR reads data from memory and places it into a register, thus involving memory access.
## ADR
The ADR instruction computes an address at assemble time relative to the current PC.
It doesn't load the value from memory; it just calculates the address and places it in a register.

ADR X0, myLabel // Load the **address** of myLabel into register X0  
LDR loads the **value** from the memory address into the register.

So, ADR is for address generation, while LDR is for loading data from memory.
## STR
STR Rn, \[Rm]
* Stores the value in Rn to the memory address stored in Rm.
* Second value has to be a register holding an address, with the option of using an addressing mode.